nature's deadliest enemy master
or the be guessing
lifesavers there is improperly
and bit wiper for the shuttle
rocket winder and if this snake
would get you
you will die because the snake
venom stops the circulation of
your blood
but the same went home opened up
a new class of medications
it's taken by 40 million
patients worldwide today we have
approximately 20 different
medication coming from venomous
animal masks
these venomous toxins are
perfect template for medications
we sequence the genetic
blueprint of the talks in
it gives us the luxury to vary
that toxin in whatever way we
wish
this is like a good night for
medicine
we have 20 million folks since
left unexplored in nature is
abilene means the garbage people
they moved in from the
countryside when they were
displaced
hi agro industry and they
realize that if they couldn't do
their farming on their land they
could farm the city